now that is a PC it's pretty it sports a
liquid-cooled eight core AMD risin 3,700
X CPU it games on an AMD 5700 XT GPU and
because we're snazzy labs it now runs
Mac OS and it outperforms Mac Pro and
yes you've guessed it one third of the
cost thing is that this video this time
around
we're going to show you how to make your
own after a word from our sponsor
that well there there isn't one today
but my Instagram account be sure to give
at snazzy few a fall if you're not
already because I have some awesome and
exclusive content plant that we're going
to begin posting there so be sure to
follow this system is the all new all
AMD course our vengeance
61 82 PC which may look to the naked eye
to be a custom-built gaming PC but it's
actually a pre-built but unlike a lot of
pre-built from other major manufacturers
that use proprietary motherboards and
power supplies every single part in this
system is an off-the-shelf part that you
can replace or upgrade by yourself later
down the road and at a retail price of
one thousand nine hundred ninety nine
dollars I'm actually pretty surprised by
the specs it comes with a risin 3700 X
CPU an AMD x5 70 micro ATX motherboard
are shipped with the asrock pro 4 you're
gonna get 16 gigs of 32 hundred
megahertz RGB pro memory from Corsair
you're also going to get Corsairs crazy
fast new PCI a 4.0 a Corsair force MP
600 drive that comes in a one terabyte
capacity you're also going to get the
two terabytes spinning and hard drive
for your games and oh there's an AMD
5700 XT GPU all of that is powered by a
respectable 650 watt 80 plus gold power
supply from Corsair and then the CPU is
cooled by an AI o liquid cooler all in
this beautiful Corsair - ATX RGB case
what's most surprising is that when I
put all of these parts into a cart on PC
part picker my cost before sales tax on
shipping was nearly $1,800 I'm not
usually a guy that endorses pre-built
but really you're only paying $200 more
for a professional to build your system
for you to test it for reliability and
quality control to install your
operating system and necessary software
and then to provide two-year warranty on
everything with customer support if
you're lazy like me or if you're a
first-time PC builder that's a little
scared this is not a bad deal at all
I build pcs a lot and it was really nice
to just get one that was already made
just be sure to buy directly from
Corsair because they also sell this
thing on Amazon but the one sold on
Amazon is the same price but comes with
a smaller SSD and lower and B 450
motherboard so buy directly from Corsair
but I'm gonna use this as my office
gaming rig at home but look I also want
a desktop Mac which I don't have at my
house so I figured why not make a
hackintosh out of this thing too so I've
inserted a second nvme SSD exchanged the
MDOT two form factor network card for
one that is Mac OS compatible so that I
can use handoff and airdrop and iMessage
and look this thing is crazy stable and
unlike any other hackintosh that i've
ever built before why well there are a
lot of content creators out there and I
absolutely accept part of the blame in
this that have for the sake of flashy
videos and views implied that making a
hackintosh is a one-step
one-size-fits-all process and it just it
isn't while it is true that getting a PC
to boot Mac OS is generally a piece of
cake and takes just a couple minutes
building a good stable reliable
hackintosh can require specific hardware
a more involved install and long-term
maintenance to help you in this endeavor
this will be a guide on how to install
Mac OS on an AMD system that I created
with the help of the AMD OS 10 community
and in particular user hackintosh Slav
who has a como who has a fantastic and
highly detailed guide that covers just
about every scenario over dozens of
pages which I have linked below now the
goal of this video is not that rather
it's to help you understand how to make
a hackintosh and where to find the
resources to assist you a guide where
you just copy my direction step by step
would suck as your hardware is probably
different than mine and future updates
to Mac OS and hackintosh tools may
change procedure slightly besides
learning and understanding what you're
doing is better anyways right with that
out of the way let's talk hardware this
guide will cover AMD's 15 H - 17 H
microarchitecture CPUs basically if your
AMD CPU is from 2011 or later this guide
will work
most of us however myself included will
be focusing on AMD's latest Zen Zen plus
and Zen 2 processors next motherboards
unlike Intel and essentially every
motherboard will work well enough
however certain features like proper
sleep functionality and audio support
may be limited from one board model to
the next if you already own your
hardware well then send it I guess but
if you're buy new it would be wise to
Google search how hackintosh friendly
your expected motherboard is before
pulling the trigger
GPUs well you basically just need an AMD
GPU that is GCN based which most every
medium to high-end AMD GPUs since 2012
is now there are a specific few number
of Nvidia cards that are officially
supported in Mac OS but they're old and
slow so just use AMD instead and I have
linked all of the compatible cards and
hardware down below once your machine is
built and you can boot into Windows use
it or another PC for the rest of this
guide you see the windows hackintosh
tools are honestly a little bit better
than the Mac ones at time of this video
which is a little ironic so I'll be
showing you how to do all of this on a
PC if you're on a Mac and you refuse to
use Windows you can follow the written
guide - linked below but you'd be better
off just virtualizing Windows by
downloading a free trial of parallels or
VMware or by booting into Windows via
bootcamp okay with that out of the way
the first thing we need to do is prep
our USB installer with Mac OS Catalina
and modify in what's called the
bootloader when you power on a micro
controller it fetches its first
instruction from what's known as the
reset location zero X zero zero near
this location is the bootloader the
purpose of which is to initialize the
system and load the kernel into memory
which allows the hardware inside your
computer to talk to the operating system
in hackintosh land there are two popular
boot loaders that allow you to boot into
Mac OS clover and open core now they're
not technically boot loaders they're
actually root kits and chain loaders
that then launch apples official boot
EFI boot loader but that's that's
unnecessarily complicated and that's why
clover and open core are both referred
to as boot loaders the latter is new and
thus a little more complicated to set up
but it's far more optimum
it boots much faster it supports
FileVault better supports the newest
versions of Mac OS and most importantly
is most likely to survive future Mac OS
updates if you're on an Intel hack Mac
then you can still use clover but if
you're on on it on an AMD system and if
you're on an Intel machine willing to
experiment a little open court is
definitely the future and is the
bootloader that you should go with all
right you crazy coot first we need to
download our software dependencies now
these are all listed down in the written
tutorial as well as the video
description make sure you get all of
those downloaded and once downloaded
we're gonna ignore them set them aside
momentarily and prep our USB installer
Gib Mac OS is a relatively new and super
awesome tool that allows you to download
mac OS directly from Apple but on a
Windows PC
right-click Gib Mac OS batt and then run
the application as administrator then we
can hit the R key and press ENTER which
will only show us the smaller recovery
packages which saves us time and
bandwidth by not having to unnecessarily
download the entire operating system
after that find the most recent version
of Mac OS marked full install otherwise
it'll just download a tiny supplemental
update that we can't boot from once
that's finished downloading you can
close that window and then we need to
open up the application make install dot
bat which will as stated make a bootable
install your USB key should show up with
a number next to the corresponding Drive
which you'll then enter with the letter
O appended to the end that will install
open core as a bootloader
when installing Mac OS onto the USB
Drive then press Enter we're then
prompted after a couple of minutes after
the drive is wiped to locate the update
package that's the version of Mac OS
that we just downloaded which is stored
inside of the Mac OS Downloads folder
inside the Gib Mac OS directory so once
you find that package file hold shift
down on your keyboard while
right-clicking and then select the
option copy file path go back to the
Installer window and either right-click
or paste the path into the window and
hit enter the Installer will prep the
USB key which may take a few minutes so
be patient until it says done once the
installer is finished you should see the
drive once the Installer is finished
you'll see a drive mounted to your
computer called boot open this up and
click into the efi folder and inside
this you don't see anything other than a
couple folders because windows sucks and
you can't see a tree view of the
directories in file explorer so open up
the OC folder then drivers and delete
Apple USB nvm Express and hxc ID Exe
these are really only relevant to legacy
users and so we don't need them since
we're using newer hardware we are
however going to leave fw runtime
services which patches our boot loader
with nvram fixes and improved memory
management then go back to the previous
folder enter the tools folder and delete
both clean and b ram and verify ms r now
we need to add our texts and our drivers
files in the drivers folder are used by
open core or bootloader and we really
need just three fw runtime services
which we already have a PFS driver
loader which is needed for scene a PF s
volumes and h of s plus dot d fi which i
mean it's in the name it allows the boot
loader for read h FS volumes now we need
to head into the kext folder a kext is
short for kernel extension think of it
as a driver in short it allows our
operating system to talk to the hardware
in our computer via the mac OS kernel
and this is where we go separate ways
kind of you see the drivers needed to
talk to your hardware greatly depend on
surprise-surprise
your hardware which varies from system
to system now everyone is going to need
a couple of these virtual SMC which
emulates the system management chip
found on real Mac's which controls fan
speed LED indicators etc without this
one your Mac won't boot and then you're
also going to need Lilu and whatever
green the latter patches are graphics
which all GPUs benefit from and the
former is a dependency you'll also want
null CPU power management if you're
building an AMD system since CPUs can't
use the Intel power management features
built into Mac OS so we're going to need
to nullify that I'm also going to
recommend Apple ALC which will give you
onboard audio through your motherboard
instead of having to use a USB DAC or
sound interface but this only works on
Zen series processors and your
microphone port will not work so keep
that in mind
now we get into the land of well it
depends
see you're not regard for example will
require a different text if you're using
Intel Ethernet over a real tech Ethernet
however theros Ethernet it's our second
you get the idea right the tutorial that
I've linked below does a great job at
highlighting additional text that you
might need for your Wi-Fi Bluetooth USB
etc now once you find all the kicks that
you need and really there shouldn't be
many if any most will be fine with the
five that I've used the easy parts done
and it's time to move on to the harder
stuff ok it's not too hard it's it's
medium hard every computer needs DSD T's
and SSD T's what are those you might ask
well they're essentially tables that
outline to your firmware the hardware
devices that are affiliated with your
system and their processes like the
system clock hiding embedded system
controllers that aren't Mac OS
compatible etc now this used to be a
huge pain because you had to manually
compile all of them but luckily there's
a new cool new tool called SSD T time
now this needs to be done and this is
very important on the specific machine
that you intend to install Mac OS on so
if you won't or can't do that you're
gonna have to compile them all manually
which a huge pain in the butt although
there are instructions down below so on
the Mac well on the PC that is going to
be your Mac in Windows run SSD T time
and you're going to need to open the app
hit the number four and then enter to
dump our dsdt for this system and then
after that we're going to need to run
fakey C which will patch it for Mac OS
Catalina then we grab the finished AML
file or files and place them into the
ACPI folder on your USB Drive on to the
hard part we now need to create our
config dot P list file which is
basically just a huge system
configurations file formatted in XML
without this our computer will not boot
now pay attention here ok because this
is where a lot of hackintosh builders
get lazy there are some nice people out
there that in an attempt to be helpful
will post their config dot P list on a
forum somewhere that you can probably
download and as long as your motherboard
is close enough your system will
probably boot it will likely even seem
stable and everything might appear
hunky-dory that said you're asking for
trouble later down the road and it's
really worth whipping up your own
specific config dot P list for your
system when people say hackintosh is
unreliable 99% of the time it's because
they took someone else's plist file so
in the open core package that you
downloaded at the beginning of this
video inside of the docs folder you'll
find a file called sample dot P list
rename this file to config dot P list
and then copy it to your boot efi OC
folder on your USB thumb drive
then open proper tree which you also
download it at the beginning this
basically just makes it much easier for
us mortals to interpret XML s and then
hit file open and select your config dot
P list that's on your USB then once
that's opened hit file again and select
OC snapshot then you need to navigate to
the OC folder on your USB Drive once at
the root of the OC folder hit enter and
proper tree will auto-populate your
firmware drivers and qex to your config
dot P list automatically so we don't
have to do this manually at all it's
super awesome if you're a desktop user
you're probably pretty much done and
that's likely all we need to do however
if there are issues check out the open
core troubleshooting page or the discord
server which has answers to just about
any problem you could possibly run into
now we need to find a file called
patches plist which is found inside of
the AMD vanilla folder that we
downloaded at the beginning of the video
open it up alongside our config dot P
list in proper tree and then delete the
patch section from our config dot P list
file copy the patch section from the
patches P list and then paste it into
our config dot P list file once that's
done hit save on config dot P list and
you're probably done once again follow
the rest of the written guide to make
sure that any changes that are suggested
can be done but other than that that's
about it hard part's over now it's time
to get to the fun part all we have to do
now is shut down our PC boot the
computer select our USB key as the boot
device on our motherboards BIOS or boot
selection screen and then install the
way seriously you just install it like a
regular Mac and you're done if anything
doesn't work like issue with booting or
loading the installer iMessage or Siri
issues faulty audio etc there is a
laundry list of likely errors as well as
solutions things to try in the written
guide seriously it's fantastic like
I just suckered you into watching this
whole video which is way worse than the
written install cut and that's it Mac OS
is installed it's running stabili on our
machine and so I guess the question now
is how does a $1,999 hack Mac Pro
perform amazingly well in a surprise to
nobody look the numbers speak for
themselves in Geekbench single-core our
machine outperforms every Mac Pro model
currently available for sale and in
multi-core benchmarks we're just barely
behind the base model Mac Pro not bad
for literally one third of the cost
that's not true though in Cinebench
which is a very popular multi-core
benchmark we actually outperform the
base model Mac Pro by quite a fair
margin is this machine the perfect
computer probably not but for $2,000 it
is a really respectable Mac and I'll
tell you what I used to always have
these big asterisks like you should
never use a Mac Pro when you actually
need to get work done or they're just
not reliable and have to use day-to-day
I think that this machine is now does
that mean that it's going to be perfect
and you'll never have issues ever
certainly not and I think that that
comes with just the territory of
building a hackintosh open core is
certainly more finicky to get set up and
when you're setting it up the first time
you might get frustrated by chill out
it's totally feasible if you need any
help visit the AMD OS 10 discord they're
super helpful and nice there and we'll
help you get your machine booted and
once it's booted well you probably won't
have to mess with it for a long time
updates and all well folks if you
enjoyed this video please give it a like
if you didn't that other button seems to
work okay to get subscribe for more
awesome videos like this one but most
importantly and as always stay snazzy